[ESS] [Serverless] Updates BYO LLM page (#6326)
elastic/security-docs: docs/AI-for-security/connect-to-byo.asciidoc

First, install https://lmstudio.ai/[LM Studio]. LM Studio supports the OpenAI SDK, which makes it compatible with Elastic's OpenAI connector, allowing you to connect to any model available in the LM Studio marketplace.

> You must launch the application using its GUI before doing so using the CLI. For example, by using Chrome RDP with an https://cloud.google.com/architecture/chrome-desktop-remote-on-compute-engine[X Window System]. After you've opened the application the first time using the GUI, you can start it by using `sudo lms server start` in the CLI. 

Reviewer: Feel free to ignore if this edit isn't correct.

```suggestion
You must launch the application using its GUI before doing so using the CLI. For example, use Chrome RDP to set up an https://cloud.google.com/architecture/chrome-desktop-remote-on-compute-engine[X Window System]. After you've opened the application the first time using the GUI, you can start it by using `sudo lms server start` in the CLI. 
```

> You must launch the application using its GUI before doing so using the CLI. For example, by using Chrome RDP with an https://cloud.google.com/architecture/chrome-desktop-remote-on-compute-engine[X Window System]. After you've opened the application the first time using the GUI, you can start it by using `sudo lms server start` in the CLI. 

Author: ```suggestion
You must launch the application using its GUI before doing so using the CLI. For example, use Chrome RDP with an https://cloud.google.com/architecture/chrome-desktop-remote-on-compute-engine[X Window System]. After you've opened the application the first time using the GUI, you can start it by using `sudo lms server start` in the CLI. 
```

Once you've launched LM Studio: 

1. Go to LM Studio's Search window.
2. Search for an LLM (for example, `Mistral-Nemo-Instruct-2407`). Your chosen model must include `instruct` in its name in order to work with Elastic.

> 3. After you find a model, view download options and select a recommended version (green). For best performance, select one with the thumbs-up icon that indicates good performance on your hardware. 

Reviewer: Are the explanations about the colors no longer relevant? I thought they were quite helpful.

Author: The UI changed :[

Reviewer: Ah, nuts. Well, it sounds like the new UI elevates the recommended options and offers more guidance for selecting compatible models, which should improve the UX. 

Anyways, feel free to resolve this thread since nothing needs to be fixed or changed here.
